samples: matter: Fixed data model configs to match 1.2 spec (#13101)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/matter/end_product/certification.rst

* ``FeatureMap`` attributes for all clusters match the desired configuration selected in PICS, and all other cluster requirements related to the specific ``FeatureMap`` value are met.
* ``ClusterRevision`` attributes for all clusters match the value of the Matter stack version that you want to use for your application certification.
* ``Attribute List``, ``Accepted Command List`` and ``Generated Command List`` attributes for all clusters contain all the values that need to be there and nothing more.
* Only the clusters, attributes and commands required by your application are enabled.

>   For example, the default samples configuration uses both Thread Network Diagnostics and Wi-Fi Network Diagnostics clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example, the default configurations for the samples use both Thread Network Diagnostics and Wi-Fi Network Diagnostics clusters.
```
